Add docs for popular tags (#14059)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/performance/network_page.md

You can set the timeframe over which traffic is aggregated using the time selector at the top right of the page:

{{< img src="network_performance_monitoring/network_page/npm_timeframe.png" alt="Time frame NPM"  style="width:30%;">}}

> Tags from Datadog integrations are unified service tagging can be used for aggregating  and filtering automatically. See
> [custom facets]({{< ref "#custom-facets" >}}) below for other tags. You can also select "Popular Tags" to aggregate using on a combination of
> `service`, `kube_service`, `short_image`, and `container_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags from Datadog integrations or Unified Service Tagging can be used for aggregating and filtering automatically. See [custom facets](#custom-facets), below, for other tags. You can also select "Popular Tags" to aggregate on, using a combination of `service`, `kube_service`, `short_image`, and `container_name`.
```

not sure if there's a reason you weren't using the native markdown syntax for anchor links

Author: Only ignorance!
